Elaborate on example for `report_dropped` rejection case (#640)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

1. Finally, if an Aggregator cannot determine if an input share is valid, it
   MUST mark the input share as invalid with error `report_dropped`. For

>    example, the report timestamp may be so far in the past that the Aggregator
>    has evicted the state required to perform the check from long-term storage.
>    (See {{reducing-storage-requirements}} for details.)

Reviewer: We can reword to make it less ambiguous what "from long-term storage" applies to. Also the last sentence doesn't need to be in a parenthetical; let your text roam wild and free!
```suggestion
   example, the report timestamp may be so far in the past that the state required to perform the check has been evicted from the Aggregator's long-term storage. See {{reducing-storage-requirements}} for details.
```

Sorry this isn't line wrapped properly.
